Comparing English and Japanese, there are some voices that he has and he doesn't have,
and there are many voices that are heard in the combination of the voices that are in each other.
For example, if two friends of Ko-otsu met in the middle of the morning,
they would take an example of the greeting and compare the sounds.
Good morning, how are you?
I'm good.
And you?
How are you?
I'm doing well.
I'm going to tell my mother. See you later. Goodbye.
Good morning.
How do you do?
Thank you. I'm quite well.
And how are you yourself?
Very well, thanks.
Is your father any better?
Thank you. He is much better.
Please remember me to your mother.
Yes, I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Good morning.
How do you do?
Thank you. I am quite well.
And how are you yourself?
Very well, thanks.
Is your father any better?
Thank you. He is much better.
Please remember me to your mother.
Yes, I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
In order to avoid these strange results,
first of all, you need to know the sounds of each of the English words and practice them well.
The first type of English voice, the first vowel,
the second type of sound,
the first sound,
the second sound,
the second sound.
The second sound.
It is particularly difficult to do this with,
To use with muscles, you have to pronounce notc, father, mother ev, wra, th